oh good to see winter under picked up
here to secure rotk getting a level six
at a decent time and we saw this in the
first game right this is what you don't
like to do they want to go for the gank
atop and then immediately pressure the
tower they have the charge on to rotk
he also it still had sulphate but he did
for the charge now the shackleshot
latches RTK done for but so too does the
razor fall evil geniuses were not
expecting this many heroes he helped
clean up to 4-1 Somalis got to be
careful here he does have 17 wand
charges and maybe just trying to bait a
home into a bad situation
another Lance comes out the little bit
of extra sustain from fear going at reds
and drum of endurance build cut some
incredibly stat heavy heroes on eg
they're gonna go from here here at this
top lane cty make it a large charge but
we'll still be able to get out ahead of
the counter charge from PPD latched it
lot I mean some trouble is going to go
down to straight-up focus fire DD C is
here but chooses not to pop the winters
curse and you're gonna have to stand up
to them eventually that they have to
have a counter back I sort of agree with
you that the MEK is unnecessary he's not
really gonna have the mana pool to cast
all of his abilities that he's tp'ing
down right now and he already only has
enough mana for the supernova so by
going for this
nice pickup here why chains gonna be
targeted bites avail trying to person
down the head with that doppelganger at
the same time severe breaker does go
down to the witchdoctor YJ still gonna
be run down bites the mail that's a huge
trade-off mid for any pinging mr. male
focus firing down this tower this tier 2
is gonna open up a lot it's gonna be
hard for the promoter TK there goes the
cold embrace our TK will live through
this what there's no way eg can threaten
him eat me further charge comes in who
Artie case nice one step ahead now maybe
he's gonna be threatening can bounce the
damn seat even further but decides to
cancel that charge evil geniuses playing
pretty disciplined eg have no reason to
go for BK Peas there's just no disables
on the side of a home right now you've
got a force inefficient item choices
from eg done for he makes quick work of
that witch doctor with the double damage
focus fire he homes start backing up at
the perfect time the four-man smoke was
looking for a pickoff in the middle lane
but they're actually gonna find it now
in top lane if they can get both here
this will be huge DC just
to be a Levite the male c2 is gonna jump
in oh we have to vote the bloodstone
suicide why Jay and grant Lee important
he gets out of this one sure can come in
Mac actually keep them live but not good
enough so damage matches him and our
booty game these days what can I do guys
you gotta force the buybacks evil
geniuses are now gonna push uphill
Lancers pushing up that top lane you're
gonna try and claim the tier 2 Tower
before eg push uphill evil geniuses
though not likely to let that what
happens teach you watch as it's right on
through Deep Diver they're going in a
bit to teeth they're gonna focus good
control evil geniuses not diving in too
deep realizing well what's happened
backup immediately focused on that tier
3 Tower the rain tracks is gonna go down
as well now and eHome still have yet to
really force an initiation it's like
they're trying to wait this one out a
lot it's going to be caught here in the
lake for behind some immediate charges
going for our TK who's trying to walk
down that Phoenix a supernova
winter cursed lady taught two theories
gonna be dropping alone here but he does
have that ages to work around evil
geniuses start packing themselves up II
hope gotta be careful as they pursue
because immediately an evil geniuses
have just taken down three with no
buyback have five
and ready to go for the chair right now
perfect opportunity to do it up or down
winter wyvern daddy changes
to the next round they're heading to the
upper bracket vitals to mill in the
start to finish just goes out so
his team just patting him on the back
they realized what he just did for them
absolutely dominating that midlane just
goes Hamlin he decides to go over the
gang s'en I mean congratulations the eg
as they advance on the back of that
sumail windranger over a great team play
from eg incredibly patient they built up
a 30k net worth lead almost impossible
for a home to come back from an
unbelievable start with a home a near
flawless victory in game number one the
EEG come back in force in game 2 and
game 3 looking good as they move forward
that is our last game of the night and
now it's time to pass it off to the
analysts to talk about the EG victory